#Reference vs Primitive Types

When we covered Functions, we discussed variable scope, we were discussing how primitive data type variables are defined as being visible, or available for use by the executing program.  Primitive data types are what we've been using so far: ``int, float, boolean, char``.   

###Reference-Type Variables Hold an Address
It is important to realize that when we pass `objects` into any function, then any modifications we make to that object will be *persisted* to the object after the function has finished executing.  In this respect, the rules of local and global variable scope don't affect objects, in the same way they have applied to the primitive data-types we've been using.  Objects are called reference-type variables instead of primitive-type variables.  We now need a different way imagine the labeled-box that stores our variable's value, instead of a primitive-value being stored in our box, in this case, the address of the place in memory where our object's data is located, is the value that is stored in our 'variable-box'. This address points to a specific address or memory location where our object's data is stored. So, **we are passing the *address of an object* into a function**, this is why changes made in a function are persisted to the object. 
 
###Object Memory-Storage
This difference in memory-storage architecture is partially because objects represent much more complicated data-structures. When the system executes our program, it may not know exactly how much memory space we need for each object that we create.  If we create a Menu object, we may choose to have the menu have 3 buttons, we may choose to have it hold 10 buttons, and we might not even decide how many buttons we want in our Menu object, until the program is executing. In that case, we'd be dynamically determining how large our Menu object is, and that could be different each time our program executes.

###Java:  Pass By Value
There is a subtle distinction between how objects are passed to a function that can vary between different programming languages.  Since Processing is based on Java, we need to understand how Java passes variable values into functions.  We have specified that when we are working with objects, which are Reference-types, the variable actually contains the memory-address of the object, and that address value is what is passed into the function.  This is slightly different than how some other languages pass reference-types into functions so we just need to make this slight distinction, there are situations where this can become an issue, but for now let's just make a mental note of this. If inside the function we modify the address itself, then we break the connection between the object and variable that was holding the address, so changes would occur on whatever object is now pointed to by the function's local address variable.  